README.md, before:

# dotfiles
My own configure files for UNIX/Linux tools.

You can use `./dot_files.py update` to append contents to the `$HOME` directory automatically, and see the file for more details.

You can use `./dot_files.py recover` to copy the backed up files to `$HOME` directory automatically, and see the file for more details.

You can use `./dot_files.py`, which is same with `./dot_files.py recover && ./dot_files.py update`.

You can use `./dot_files.py init` for the first time install, which will install all plugins for vim and install fish and then set `fish` be your default shell, see the file for more details.

NOTE: if you want to use `./dot_files.py init`, be sure your `conda` is deactivated (there is no base or other `conda` name on your screen), and make sure you have `Python` order than `3.8` locally, because `ycm` can not be installed by this script within `conda`.

NOTE: There are `start_symbol_kaiserqzyue` and `end_symbol_kaiserqzyue` in every dot file. If you want to recover the dot files, you just need to delete contents from `start_symbol_kaiserqzyue` till `end_symbol_kaiserqzyue`. You can do this by `vim` easily: `gg/start_symbol_kaiserqzyue<Enter>d/end_symbol_kaiserqzyue<Enter>dd`. Besides, you can use `./dot_files.py recover` to recover, if your dot files have been updated after using `./dot_files.py update`.

# Vim Shortcuts
Note that my leader key is `Space`.

Note that in the `Mode` column, `N` means normal mode, `I` means insert mode, `V` means visual mode, and `N I` means normal mode and insert mode.

## Save and Quit
| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| Q        | N    | Quit but not save |
| \<C-S>   | N I  | Save but not quit |
| S        | N    | Save and quit |

## Window
| Shortcut   | Mode | Description |
| -          | -    | - |
| \<LEADER>h | N    | Split window horizontally, and move cursor to the left window |
| \<LEADER>l | N    | Split window horizontally, and move cursor to the right window |
| \<LEADER>t | N    | Create a new tab |
| \<C-H>     | N    | Move cursor to the next left window |
| \<C-J>     | N    | Move cursor to the next down window |
| \<C-K>     | N    | Move cursor to the next up window |
| \<C-L>     | N    | Move cursor to the next right window |
| \<LEADER>H | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at left |
| \<LEADER>J | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at bottom |
| \<LEADER>K | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at top |
| \<LEADER>L | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at right |
| \<LEADER>n | N    | Go to next tab |
| \<LEADER>b | N    | Go to previous tab |
| \<LEADER>1 | N    | Go to the first tab |
| \<LEADER>2 | N    | Go to the second tab |
| ...        | ...  | ... |
| \<LEADER>8 | N    | Go to the eighth tab |
| \<LEADER>9 | N    | Go to the ninth tab |
| Up         | N    | Resize +5 for the current window |
| Down       | N    | Resize -5 for the current window |
| Left       | N    | Resize -5 vertically for current window |
| Right      | N    | Resize +5 vertically for current window |

NOTE: We can not bind `<C-H>` in insert mode, so in the insert mode, when you press `<C-H>`, it will trigger backspace.

## Copy and Paste
| Shortcut    | Mode | Description |
| -           | -    | - |
| Y           | N    | Copy till end of line to unnamed register |
| \<LEADER>y  | N V  | Copy to system clipboard, this is like `y`, for example, you can use `<leader>yw` to copy a word |
| \<LEADER>ya | N    | Copy all contents in the current buffer to system clipboard |
| \<LEADER>Y  | N    | Copy till end of line to system clipboard |
| \<LEADER>p  | N    | Paste from system clipboard |
| \<LEADER>P  | N    | Paste from system clipboard before cursor |

NOTE: if you want to copy around a bracket, you can use `<LEADER>ya`, too. But you need to  wait some time when you press `<LEADER>y` (make sure that there is `"+y` at the right bottom), then you can press `a`.

## Cursor Movement
| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| \<C-J>   |      | When there is a selection list and `j` will input letter j, `<C-J>` will move the cursor to the next selection |
| \<C-K>   |      | When there is a selection list and `k` will input letter k, `<C-K>` will move the cursor to the previous selection |
| j        |      | When there is a selection list and you can not input with `j`, `j` will move the cursor to the next selection |
| k        |      | When there is a selection list and you can not input with `k`, `k` will move the cursor to the previous selection |
| \<C-J>   | I    | When there is no selection list, `<C-J>` will move the cursor to the next line |
| \<C-K>   | I    | When there is no selection list, `<C-K>` will move the cursor to the previous line |
| J        | V    | Move the selected lines down |
| K        | V    | Move the selected lines up |

Note that when `coc` suggestion list is not shown but `copilot` is shown, it is possible to use `<C-J>` and `<C-K>` to move the cursor to the next or previous selection of `copilot`.

For example when you use `gr` to go to references of a function or a variable, there may be a selection list (if there is not only one reference), and you can use `j` and `k` to move the cursor to the next or previous selection. But when you use `<C-P>` to find files, in this case `j` and `k` will input letter j and letter k, so you can use `<C-J>` and `<C-K>` to move the cursor to the next or previous selection.

## Markdown Helper
These settings only work in a markdown file.

Some of the settings below will insert `<++>` as a placeholder symbol, and you can use `,f` to move the cursor out of the current block and remove the placeholder symbol.

| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| ,f       | I    | Move the cursor out of the current block and remove next placeholder symbol |
| ,t       | I    | Insert command line block and leave the cursor where you can input the command |
| ,b       | I    | Insert bold line block and leave the cursor where you can input the bold content |
| ,m       | I    | Insert math line block and leave the cursor where you can input the math |
| ,M       | I    | Insert math block and leave the cursor where you can input the math |
| ,c       | I    | Insert code block, and leave the cursor where you should input the code language |
| ,n       | I    | Insert a new line symbol of html |

## Useful Plugins' Shortcuts
This part has a lot of shortcuts, and I'll only list some common ones. All the shortcuts started with `<LEADER>`, `[` or `]` can be seen in `vimwhichkey` plugin, which means you just need press `<LEADER>`, `[` or `]` and wait for a while, there will be pop up window to show all the shortcuts started with the key you press.

### Commenting
| Shortcut            | Mode | Description |
| -                   | -    | - |
| \<LEADER>c\<LEADER> | N    | Comment or uncomment the current line, this can be used as `2<LEADER>c<LEADER>` to comment or uncomment 2 lines |
| \<LEADER>c\<LEADER> | V    | Comment or uncomment the selected line |
| \<LEADER>cl         | N    | Comment the current line and align left, this can be used as `2<LEADER>cl` to comment 2 lines |
| \<LEADER>cl         | V    | Comment the selected lines and align left |

### Surrounding
| Shortcut            | Mode | Description |
| -                   | -    | - |
| ys                  | N    | Surround something, you can use `ysw[` or `ysw]` to surround a word with `[]`, and you can use `ysf` and `yst` to find or till some character |
| yss                 | N    | Surround the whole line with the character you input, this one will put the surrounding in the current line |
| ySS                 | N    | Surround the whole line with the character you input, this one will put the surrounding in new lines |
| ds                  | N    | Delete the surrounding you input |
| cs                  | N    | Change the surround with a new one |
| S                   | V    | Surround the selected characters |
| \<C-B>              | I    | Back insert a surrounding, when a surrounding does not match, you press the close surrounding, the cursor may jump to the next close surrounding rather than inserting a new close surrounding. In this case, you can use `<C-B>` to back insert a close surrounding |

Some examples of surrounding:
* `ysf;{`: surround the character from the cursor to next `;` with `{}`.
* `yst;{`: surround the character from the cursor till next `;` with `{}`, this will leave the `;` out of the surrounding.
* `ds(`: delete the `()` surrounding current part.
* `cs([`: change the `()` with `[]` for current surrounded part.

NOTE: the difference between `ysw[` ans `ysw]` is that the former will add white space at left and right, the latter will not.

### Code Related
| Shortcut   | Mode | Description |
| -          | -    | - |
| gd         | N    | Go to definition |
| gr         | N    | Go to references |
| gh         | N    | Go to the header file |
| \<LEADER>R | N    | Rename the current symbol |
| \<LEADER>r | N    | Run the single file depending on its filetype |
| H          | N    | Quick fix |
| ]d         | N    | Go to next diagnostic |
| [d         | N    | Go to previous diagnostic |
| \<LEADER>d | N    | Show document symbols, this can also be used to show variables' types |

### Automatic Completion
| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| C-F      | I    | Select one line when `copilot` suggestions are shown |
| \<ESC>f  | I    | Select one word when `copilot` suggestions are shown. In 7-bit terminal press `<M-F>` will trigger `<ESC>f` |
| \<ENTER> | I    | Select current suggestion when one `coc` suggestion is selected |
| \<ENTER> | I    | Select first suggestion when `coc` is not shown and `copilot` is shown |
| \<C-C>   | I    | Cancel the completion, if `coc` and `copilot` are both shown, this will quit `coc`'s completion |

### Others
| Shortcut   | Mode | Description |
| -          | -    | - |
| \<C-Q>     | N I  | Open undo history |
| \<C-W>     | N I  | Open outlook |
| \<C-E>     | N I  | Open explorer |
| \<C-P>     | N I  | Find files in the current directory or a git root directory |
| \<C-F>     | N I  | Find contents in the current directory or a git root directory |
| \<LEADER>a | N    | Align a block, `:`, `=` and `\|` are supported, for example, you can use `<LEADER>a=` to align a block of assignments |

# Neovim Shortcuts
Most shortcuts in `nvim` are same with those in `vim`, therefore, this part will only list the different ones or those only supported in `nvim`.

NOTE: I now use `nvim`, the `vim` part will not be updated any more.

## Some Known Bugs
### Unfixed
* When the cursor is at a indent line in insert mode, the cursor is hidden by the indent line.
* When the first time open terminal, it may be wrong highlight. This seems that the `treesitter` doesn't load yet, reopen the terminal will solve this.

### Fixed
* `auto-pairs` may not be loaded when first use `nvim` to open a file. When opening another file, `auto-pairs` will be loaded.

## Useful Plugins' Shortcuts
| Shortcut          | Mode    | Description |
| -                 | -       | - |
| ys{motion}f{name} | N       | Surround the part with a function call |
| dsf               | N       | Delete a function call, only parameters will be left |
| csf{name}         | N       | Change a function call with a new one |
| \<CR>             | N       | In file explorer, this will enter a directory or open a file |
| \<BS>             | N       | In file explorer, this will go to the `..` directory. You can use `?` to see more mappings in file explorer. |
| gc                | N       | Open `coc-command` |
| gl                | N       | Open `coc-list` |
| gy                | N       | List all the yanked contented |
| \<LEADER>ay       | N       | Yank all contents |
| \<ESC>            | I       | When use `telescope` to search, `<ESC>` will let you back to normal mode |
| \<ESC>            | N       | When use `telescope` to search and you are in normal mode, `<ESC>` will quit `telescope` |
| \<C-C>            | I       | When use `telescope` to search and you are in insert mode, `<C-C>` will quit `telescope` |
| \<LEADER>n        | N       | Go to the right buffer shown in `bufline` |
| \<LEADER>b        | N       | Go to the left buffer shown in `bufline` |
| gpt               | N       | Toggle `fitten-code` window |
| gpt               | V       | Explain the selected code |
| bp                | N       | Buffer pick |
| \<C-T>            | N I T   | Toggle a terminal |
| \<C-H>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the left window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-J>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the bottom window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-K>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the top window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-L>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the right window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-N>            | I V X T | Back to normal mode in terminal |
| \<C-N>            | N       | Same with `<ESC>` |
| Q                 | N       | Quit a window, quit a tab or unload a buffer, not save |
| S                 | N       | Similar with `Q`, but this will execute 'write' first |

NOTE: The `Q`'s behavior depending on the status. If current buffer is a terminal, `nvimtree`, `aerial`, or `help`, this will use `bd!` to unload the buffer. If current tab has more than one window whose buffer is a visible one, `Q` will use `:quit!` to close window, but not unload the buffer. If there are more than one tab and only one window in current tab, this will close the whole tab and unload the empty `noname` buffers and other hidden buffers. If there only one tab, this will unload current buffer.

## Terminal Note
There will only be one terminal globally, this is for some simply commands, such as run a single `python` file or check the `cpu` usage by `top` or `htop`. If you want something complex, you should depend on the `tmux` rather than `nvim` terminal. Besides, the terminal will auto open when entering a new tab if there has been one open terminal or auto close when entering a new tab if the one has been closed. There only one terminal buffer, so each terminal has same contents.

# Contribution
If you have any suggestions or find any bugs, please feel free to open an issue or pull request.

Commit message:

Update J, K: support count lines move

README.md, after:

# dotfiles
My own configure files for UNIX/Linux tools.

You can use `./dot_files.py update` to append contents to the `$HOME` directory automatically, and see the file for more details.

You can use `./dot_files.py recover` to copy the backed up files to `$HOME` directory automatically, and see the file for more details.

You can use `./dot_files.py`, which is same with `./dot_files.py recover && ./dot_files.py update`.

You can use `./dot_files.py init` for the first time install, which will install all plugins for vim and install fish and then set `fish` be your default shell, see the file for more details.

NOTE: if you want to use `./dot_files.py init`, be sure your `conda` is deactivated (there is no base or other `conda` name on your screen), and make sure you have `Python` order than `3.8` locally, because `ycm` can not be installed by this script within `conda`.

NOTE: There are `start_symbol_kaiserqzyue` and `end_symbol_kaiserqzyue` in every dot file. If you want to recover the dot files, you just need to delete contents from `start_symbol_kaiserqzyue` till `end_symbol_kaiserqzyue`. You can do this by `vim` easily: `gg/start_symbol_kaiserqzyue<Enter>d/end_symbol_kaiserqzyue<Enter>dd`. Besides, you can use `./dot_files.py recover` to recover, if your dot files have been updated after using `./dot_files.py update`.

# Vim Shortcuts
Note that my leader key is `Space`.

Note that in the `Mode` column, `N` means normal mode, `I` means insert mode, `V` means visual mode, and `N I` means normal mode and insert mode.

## Save and Quit
| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| Q        | N    | Quit but not save |
| \<C-S>   | N I  | Save but not quit |
| S        | N    | Save and quit |

## Window
| Shortcut   | Mode | Description |
| -          | -    | - |
| \<LEADER>h | N    | Split window horizontally, and move cursor to the left window |
| \<LEADER>l | N    | Split window horizontally, and move cursor to the right window |
| \<LEADER>t | N    | Create a new tab |
| \<C-H>     | N    | Move cursor to the next left window |
| \<C-J>     | N    | Move cursor to the next down window |
| \<C-K>     | N    | Move cursor to the next up window |
| \<C-L>     | N    | Move cursor to the next right window |
| \<LEADER>H | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at left |
| \<LEADER>J | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at bottom |
| \<LEADER>K | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at top |
| \<LEADER>L | N    | Close the current window, and reopen it at right |
| \<LEADER>n | N    | Go to next tab |
| \<LEADER>b | N    | Go to previous tab |
| \<LEADER>1 | N    | Go to the first tab |
| \<LEADER>2 | N    | Go to the second tab |
| ...        | ...  | ... |
| \<LEADER>8 | N    | Go to the eighth tab |
| \<LEADER>9 | N    | Go to the ninth tab |
| Up         | N    | Resize +5 for the current window |
| Down       | N    | Resize -5 for the current window |
| Left       | N    | Resize -5 vertically for current window |
| Right      | N    | Resize +5 vertically for current window |

NOTE: We can not bind `<C-H>` in insert mode, so in the insert mode, when you press `<C-H>`, it will trigger backspace.

## Copy and Paste
| Shortcut    | Mode | Description |
| -           | -    | - |
| Y           | N    | Copy till end of line to unnamed register |
| \<LEADER>y  | N V  | Copy to system clipboard, this is like `y`, for example, you can use `<leader>yw` to copy a word |
| \<LEADER>ya | N    | Copy all contents in the current buffer to system clipboard |
| \<LEADER>Y  | N    | Copy till end of line to system clipboard |
| \<LEADER>p  | N    | Paste from system clipboard |
| \<LEADER>P  | N    | Paste from system clipboard before cursor |

NOTE: if you want to copy around a bracket, you can use `<LEADER>ya`, too. But you need to  wait some time when you press `<LEADER>y` (make sure that there is `"+y` at the right bottom), then you can press `a`.

## Cursor Movement
| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| \<C-J>   |      | When there is a selection list and `j` will input letter j, `<C-J>` will move the cursor to the next selection |
| \<C-K>   |      | When there is a selection list and `k` will input letter k, `<C-K>` will move the cursor to the previous selection |
| j        |      | When there is a selection list and you can not input with `j`, `j` will move the cursor to the next selection |
| k        |      | When there is a selection list and you can not input with `k`, `k` will move the cursor to the previous selection |
| \<C-J>   | I    | When there is no selection list, `<C-J>` will move the cursor to the next line |
| \<C-K>   | I    | When there is no selection list, `<C-K>` will move the cursor to the previous line |
| J        | V    | Move the selected lines down |
| K        | V    | Move the selected lines up |

Note that when `coc` suggestion list is not shown but `copilot` is shown, it is possible to use `<C-J>` and `<C-K>` to move the cursor to the next or previous selection of `copilot`.

For example when you use `gr` to go to references of a function or a variable, there may be a selection list (if there is not only one reference), and you can use `j` and `k` to move the cursor to the next or previous selection. But when you use `<C-P>` to find files, in this case `j` and `k` will input letter j and letter k, so you can use `<C-J>` and `<C-K>` to move the cursor to the next or previous selection.

## Markdown Helper
These settings only work in a markdown file.

Some of the settings below will insert `<++>` as a placeholder symbol, and you can use `,f` to move the cursor out of the current block and remove the placeholder symbol.

| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| ,f       | I    | Move the cursor out of the current block and remove next placeholder symbol |
| ,t       | I    | Insert command line block and leave the cursor where you can input the command |
| ,b       | I    | Insert bold line block and leave the cursor where you can input the bold content |
| ,m       | I    | Insert math line block and leave the cursor where you can input the math |
| ,M       | I    | Insert math block and leave the cursor where you can input the math |
| ,c       | I    | Insert code block, and leave the cursor where you should input the code language |
| ,n       | I    | Insert a new line symbol of html |

## Useful Plugins' Shortcuts
This part has a lot of shortcuts, and I'll only list some common ones. All the shortcuts started with `<LEADER>`, `[` or `]` can be seen in `vimwhichkey` plugin, which means you just need press `<LEADER>`, `[` or `]` and wait for a while, there will be pop up window to show all the shortcuts started with the key you press.

### Commenting
| Shortcut            | Mode | Description |
| -                   | -    | - |
| \<LEADER>c\<LEADER> | N    | Comment or uncomment the current line, this can be used as `2<LEADER>c<LEADER>` to comment or uncomment 2 lines |
| \<LEADER>c\<LEADER> | V    | Comment or uncomment the selected line |
| \<LEADER>cl         | N    | Comment the current line and align left, this can be used as `2<LEADER>cl` to comment 2 lines |
| \<LEADER>cl         | V    | Comment the selected lines and align left |

### Surrounding
| Shortcut            | Mode | Description |
| -                   | -    | - |
| ys                  | N    | Surround something, you can use `ysw[` or `ysw]` to surround a word with `[]`, and you can use `ysf` and `yst` to find or till some character |
| yss                 | N    | Surround the whole line with the character you input, this one will put the surrounding in the current line |
| ySS                 | N    | Surround the whole line with the character you input, this one will put the surrounding in new lines |
| ds                  | N    | Delete the surrounding you input |
| cs                  | N    | Change the surround with a new one |
| S                   | V    | Surround the selected characters |
| \<C-B>              | I    | Back insert a surrounding, when a surrounding does not match, you press the close surrounding, the cursor may jump to the next close surrounding rather than inserting a new close surrounding. In this case, you can use `<C-B>` to back insert a close surrounding |

Some examples of surrounding:
* `ysf;{`: surround the character from the cursor to next `;` with `{}`.
* `yst;{`: surround the character from the cursor till next `;` with `{}`, this will leave the `;` out of the surrounding.
* `ds(`: delete the `()` surrounding current part.
* `cs([`: change the `()` with `[]` for current surrounded part.

NOTE: the difference between `ysw[` ans `ysw]` is that the former will add white space at left and right, the latter will not.

### Code Related
| Shortcut   | Mode | Description |
| -          | -    | - |
| gd         | N    | Go to definition |
| gr         | N    | Go to references |
| gh         | N    | Go to the header file |
| \<LEADER>R | N    | Rename the current symbol |
| \<LEADER>r | N    | Run the single file depending on its filetype |
| H          | N    | Quick fix |
| ]d         | N    | Go to next diagnostic |
| [d         | N    | Go to previous diagnostic |
| \<LEADER>d | N    | Show document symbols, this can also be used to show variables' types |

### Automatic Completion
| Shortcut | Mode | Description |
| -        | -    | - |
| C-F      | I    | Select one line when `copilot` suggestions are shown |
| \<ESC>f  | I    | Select one word when `copilot` suggestions are shown. In 7-bit terminal press `<M-F>` will trigger `<ESC>f` |
| \<ENTER> | I    | Select current suggestion when one `coc` suggestion is selected |
| \<ENTER> | I    | Select first suggestion when `coc` is not shown and `copilot` is shown |
| \<C-C>   | I    | Cancel the completion, if `coc` and `copilot` are both shown, this will quit `coc`'s completion |

### Others
| Shortcut   | Mode | Description |
| -          | -    | - |
| \<C-Q>     | N I  | Open undo history |
| \<C-W>     | N I  | Open outlook |
| \<C-E>     | N I  | Open explorer |
| \<C-P>     | N I  | Find files in the current directory or a git root directory |
| \<C-F>     | N I  | Find contents in the current directory or a git root directory |
| \<LEADER>a | N    | Align a block, `:`, `=` and `\|` are supported, for example, you can use `<LEADER>a=` to align a block of assignments |

# Neovim Shortcuts
Most shortcuts in `nvim` are same with those in `vim`, therefore, this part will only list the different ones or those only supported in `nvim`.

NOTE: I now use `nvim`, the `vim` part will not be updated any more.

## Some Known Bugs
### Unfixed
* When the cursor is at a indent line in insert mode, the cursor is hidden by the indent line.
* When the first time open terminal, it may be wrong highlight. This seems that the `treesitter` doesn't load yet, reopen the terminal will solve this.

### Fixed
* `auto-pairs` may not be loaded when first use `nvim` to open a file. When opening another file, `auto-pairs` will be loaded.

## Basic Shortcuts
| Shortcut | Mode    | Description |
| -        | -       | - |
| \<C-T>   | N I T   | Toggle a terminal |
| Q        | N       | Quit a window, quit a tab or unload a buffer, not save |
| S        | N       | Similar with `Q`, but this will execute 'write' first |
| \<C-N>   | I V X T | Back to normal mode in terminal |
| \<C-N>   | N       | Same with `<ESC>` |
| J        | V       | Move selected content down, support `{count}J` |
| K        | V       | Move selected content up, support `{count}K` |

NOTE: The `Q`'s behavior depending on the status. If current buffer is a terminal, `nvimtree`, `aerial`, or `help`, this will use `bd!` to unload the buffer. If current tab has more than one window whose buffer is a visible one, `Q` will use `:quit!` to close window, but not unload the buffer. If there are more than one tab and only one window in current tab, this will close the whole tab and unload the empty `noname` buffers and other hidden buffers. If there only one tab, this will unload current buffer.

## Terminal Note
There will only be one terminal globally, this is for some simply commands, such as run a single `python` file or check the `cpu` usage by `top` or `htop`. If you want something complex, you should depend on the `tmux` rather than `nvim` terminal. Besides, the terminal will auto open when entering a new tab if there has been one open terminal or auto close when entering a new tab if the one has been closed. There only one terminal buffer, so each terminal has same contents.

## Useful Plugins' Shortcuts
| Shortcut          | Mode    | Description |
| -                 | -       | - |
| ys{motion}f{name} | N       | Surround the part with a function call |
| dsf               | N       | Delete a function call, only parameters will be left |
| csf{name}         | N       | Change a function call with a new one |
| \<CR>             | N       | In file explorer, this will enter a directory or open a file |
| \<BS>             | N       | In file explorer, this will go to the `..` directory. You can use `?` to see more mappings in file explorer. |
| gc                | N       | Open `coc-command` |
| gl                | N       | Open `coc-list` |
| gy                | N       | List all the yanked contented |
| \<LEADER>ay       | N       | Yank all contents |
| \<ESC>            | I       | When use `telescope` to search, `<ESC>` will let you back to normal mode |
| \<ESC>            | N       | When use `telescope` to search and you are in normal mode, `<ESC>` will quit `telescope` |
| \<C-C>            | I       | When use `telescope` to search and you are in insert mode, `<C-C>` will quit `telescope` |
| \<LEADER>n        | N       | Go to the right buffer shown in `bufline` |
| \<LEADER>b        | N       | Go to the left buffer shown in `bufline` |
| gpt               | N       | Toggle `fitten-code` window |
| gpt               | V       | Explain the selected code |
| bp                | N       | Buffer pick |
| \<C-H>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the left window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-J>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the bottom window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-K>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the top window, this can jump over tmux |
| \<C-L>            | N T     | Move the cursor to the right window, this can jump over tmux |

# Contribution
If you have any suggestions or find any bugs, please feel free to open an issue or pull request.
